# Gazepoint prototype
A prototype for a basic experiment with the gazepoint eyetracker. 

This code uses [Psychopy 1.83](http://www.psychopy.org/) (Peirce 2007; 2009). It was written for use with the lab's Gazepoint GP3 eyetracker.

#Components
##Eyetracking Object
The code in gazepoint_object.py defines a class that will create a handler for the eyetracker. On initialization, the host ip and port can be specified. If they are not specified, the defaults should set it to run on the current monitor.

The class has the following methods:
* self.calibrate
  * Takes an optional argument for duration, default is 15. will run the calibration screen for a number of seconds defined by duration. It returns a string containing all the data gathered during the calibration process.
* self.init_data
  * It establishes a connection between the computer and the eyetracker. This function must be run before self.get_data can be used.
* self.get_data
  * Takes an optional argument for duration, default is 0. This function retrieves the point of gaze and time from the eyetracker. If no duration is provided, it will retrieve only one data point. If a duration is provided, the function will run and gather data for that duration. It returns a list of the data results send by the tracker.
* self.end_data
  * Closes the connection between the computer and the eyetracker.
  
##Experiment Conditions Generator
experiment_conditions_generation.py is a python script that will run the user through a series of questions to produce a conditions file for the experiment frame defined below.

##Gazepoint experiment
gazept_experiment.py contains the frame for an experiment. It uses conditions from a csv generated by the conditions generator (described abote). It starts by calibrating the participant's gaze. Then it displays an image while tracking gaze for a number of seconds, then asks a question and obtains a response.

##Data Processing
eyetracking-processing.py is a python script that will reformat the data output from the experiment into sorted csv files.
